Update Storage Blob SDK to T2 (#7)
Azure-Samples/storage-blobs-node-quickstart: README.md

# Storage Blobs Quickstart

> **WARNING** 

> > You are viewing a tutorial for the legacy version of the Azure Storage Node.js SDK. Please go [here](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-storage-js-v10-quickstart) to view the latest JavaScript SDK (v10 and v12).

Reviewer: We now have a standard template for adding such messages in the sample repo. Please use this format in future PRs as well.

```suggestion
> Samples in this repository use older package `azure-storage` for Azure Storage Blobs.
We recommend that you refer to the [samples that use the new package](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-sdk-for-js-storage-blob-upload-download) `@azure/storage-blob` instead.
```

Author: Ok, Readme is updated, please have a review.
